Custom citizen names page (#334)
ldtteam/MinecoloniesWiki: source/misc/customcitizennames.md

 
---
title: Minecolonies Wiki
layout: recipes
---
# Custom citizen names

> Would you like having citizen names in your own language? This is your page!<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Would you like to have citizen names in your own language? Then this is your page!<br>
```

Everything you have to change is just one file.
<br>

### Procedure
1. Locate the file _minecolonies-server.toml_.<br>
 
	For servers:<br>

		(minecraftServerFolder)/world/serverconfig/minecolonies-server.toml

	For local worlds:<br>
    
    	(minecrafFolder)/saves/(nameOfYourWorld)/serverconfig/minecolonies-server.toml
        
<br>

2. Edit
	
	You can use the official language templates we provide here or you can edit at your own risk. If so, don't forget to make a copy of the file first and follow the structure.
    <br>Edit with a text editor.
    <br>The file must have the same name.
    <br><br>
    
3. Run minecraft client/server and enjoy.

<br><br>

## Official language templates
For download the file click the _raw_ button on top of the page and then right-click -> save as...<br>
These are the links we provide you for making your life a little bit easier:

### Spanish

[Download spanish template file](../source/misc/languageNameTemplates/spanishTemplate.toml)

<br>

> **Don't forget it:** The file must have the name _minecolonies-server.toml_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Don't forget:** The file must have the name _minecolonies-server.toml_.
```

Reviewer: Otherwise great!
